you just try and relax thank you okay
it's been a couple squirts on this under
your tongue okay
I'm helping him okay drop dry yep
as I hope any just drop it on down down
yelling did very well so your skin so
sweaty getting water to stay on
are you feeling right over phone throw
up do we ever get up over here
yes the color crusty okay I have a few
questions for you have you ever had a
stroke of any head Brown part of a few
any couple of stomach stomach ulcers
anything like that any recent surgery
well you trouble with your blood
pressure or something are you in
warfront no okay are you an aspirin
oh are you diabetic okay you know
allergic to anything you ready to open
up cause I can't coming back not sour
I'm for a second over here should know
Cardiology's underwear okay thank you
okay
to the brook
okay Tanya how you getting on there okay
just keep it loose I don't we check
pressure here in there yeah I'm sorry
okay we get a bit more down I'm working
for you that's going to tighten on your
arm just try and relax sir you're doing
brilliantly Niall pulls more pain relief
there okay I know we can screw up this P
after yeah okay
Hey
pick up paddles on hey torch on there um
shop okay right okay
that puts like Santa's real pixel in
here in the ask a question you just hit
the buzzer if you buy them for real oh
okay
Daniel I don't know that's it it's
alright so I just like that take it easy
9 to 10 is easier alright you're in the
hospital
okay just hold it sir I might deploy
yeah okay hello you're doing well can
you hear us no oh good man okay it's
good strong coronal hole sir sinus
rhythm okay ready
well done okay how much tube all the way
okay I know what you're feeling hurt wow
that's all up he in gone away
hello there's over honey I want you guys
to chill yeah hey it's Fergal down here
done and resource in Annie I just need
to fill you up after the young man here
he's had a BF carry a grass with us
today the bike rider that is he was a
party last night
that is answerable T&E CT show an
inferior American infarction like I say
he had a witness to bf arrest which came
right after one shot return of see okay
that's nice we were gone and he's also
had Texian aspirin he's a public success
and for peon at the moment he's
hemodynamically stable he's in sinus
rhythm he's pain-free the grip who
condones discussant brother management
Oh
many thanks thank you right okay let's
hurry I wish we can see him
you